as you see this destruction is massive
people are left homeless but
Palestinians are very desperate for more
than 6 months now this is still going on
evacuating from a place to another
setting up tents dismantling tents going
to uh your your your relatives house
leaving and being forced to evacuate
with your relatives house every single
area in the Gaza Street is currently
being targeted people are left desperate
and homeless they're telling us like I
asked a woman where are you going after
your house has been bombed she said I do
not
know the tower behind me my home was
flattened by the Israeli Army as simple
as that our homes Our lives our memories
and our children's future are all gone
Palestinians believe that there is no
place safe
there are no place they could go to
because everywhere is crowded and
they're left without nothing no none of
their belongings none of their stuff and
they are left without anything and this
continues there has been at least uh
dozens of um uh bodies still trapped
under the rubble of the houses and the
civil defense are telling uh and
announcing that they could not not reach
these bodies because they need heavy
equipment and they're not capable to do
that 6 months and this is still going
on as you see children are trying to
help their families to bring blankets
pillows and what's left of anything they
could find from their apartments and
flats this is one of the apartments that
has been partially damaged where people
are lucky that they could take some of
their belongings other houses has been
completely wiped off and flattened to
the ground this is hind andat refugee
camp Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz